I am really excited to be here with you
all today to teach CSS Foundations.
This is a course that's been in
the works for a few years now, so
I'm really grateful to be here with
you all in person and online as well.
My name is Emma,
I am an engineering manager at Spotify.
I am originally from upstate New York,
but I live in Stockholm, Sweden.
And I've lived there for
quite a few years now.
And I had a baby two months ago.
Her name is Freya and she's the best
side project I've ever worked on.
In my spare time,
I love teaching it for the Masters and
online I just love sharing knowledge so
yeah I'm thrilled to be here with you.
Today we're talking about CSS.
So this course is structured into seven
chapters we're currently in chapter one
which is the introduction, so we'll learn
a little bit about foundational CSS.
And then we're gonna take a look at
a website that we're gonna build.
It's a two-page website, I've put together
design files in Figma that we'll use, and
we'll build it from start to finish,
the way that I would in production.
But before each chapter,
we will talk through some of
these concepts in our slides.
So you're getting kind of the theory and
then also in practice.
If you wanna actually follow along
on the slides, if you need something
a little bit more accessible feel
free to head over to the repository.
We will be using this later and
the next chapter we'll take a look at
how to fork and clone this and
bring it into your IDE, but
feel free to go grab the course
slides from there right now.
So it's
github.com/emmabostian/fem-css-foundati-
ons.